--- Page 1 ---
Roles at Stripe Role details/
Staff Engineer, Connect
Risk & Compliance
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of
companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most
ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their
revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is
to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering
Office locations
South San Francisco HQ, T oronto, New York, Chicago, or Seattle
Remote locations
Remote in United States
Te a m
Connect
Job type
Full time
Apply for this role 
JOBS

--- Page 2 ---
amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented
opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while
doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
The Connect Risk and Compliance org exists to enable Connect
platforms to seamlessly manage the risk and compliance obligations
of their financial business on Stripe.  We are a critical piece of the
puzzle for upleveling Stripe’s guardianship of the Internet’s financial
ecosystem and drive ourselves to distill all of the necessary
complexity into an accessible product for our users.
What Y ou'll Do
As a Staff Software Engineer in the Connect Risk and Compliance
team, you will play a critical role in transforming risk management
and compliance experiences for Connect platforms at Stripe. You'll
lead the technical strategy for building resilient and scalable
systems that empower platforms to seamlessly manage their
financial business obligations. Your expertise will help shape
innovative solutions to mitigate risk and enhance compliance,
ensuring a frictionless experience for platforms and their users.
Responsibilities
Hands-on software engineering
Drive the design and development of robust systems that
provide proactive risk management solutions, enabling
platforms to understand, act on, and manage risk issues
effectively.
Write code that solves for our most complex problems
Bring a deep systems expertise and the lessons learned from
fixing things when they go wrong

--- Page 3 ---
Your contributions will ensure that S tripe maintains its position as a
stable and trusted guardian in the financial ecosystem, empowering
platforms to confidently grow their business on Stripe while driving
positive economic value for our users and partners.
Who you are
We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to
be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are
encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a
requirement.
Lead large-scale initiatives that drive engineering and customer
impact
Collaborate with cross-functional teams within Connect, Risk,
and Radar to build features that address the diverse needs of
global platforms, focusing on risk and compliance requirements.
Lead efforts to reduce platform degradation and support contact
rates by architecting systems that provide clear, actionable
insights and paved roads for platforms and their connected
accounts.
Act as a subject matter expert in platform risk management,
evaluating, refining, and implementing technical strategies to
align with our north star experience goals.
Advocate for transparent, configurable protections, ensuring
platforms have the tools and visibility needed to reduce
fraudulent activity and maintain compliance.
Engage with stakeholders, including legal and financial partners,
to ensure that our risk systems meet operational, regulatory, and
business model requirements of Connect users.
Mentor and guide engineers within the team, amplifying their
impact through effective code reviews, technical mentoring, and
strategic direction.

--- Page 4 ---
Minimum requirements
Preferred qualifications
This role is available either in an office or a remote location
10+ years of hands-on software development experience, with a
focus on building and maintaining data-driven applications,
along with a proven track record of delivering large, complex
projects on time.
Demonstrated ability to lead technical initiatives and influence
cross-functional teams, driving clarity and alignment on project
goals while ensuring successful delivery of high-quality software.
Proficient in developing production-grade backend applications
and maintaining frontend systems with integrated APIs, along
with experience in various data storage solutions.
Experience in navigating and resolving ambiguous problems,
applying creative and analytical thinking to find solutions that
align with business objectives and user needs.
Outstanding communication skills, with the ability to articulate
complex concepts and technical solutions clearly to both
technical and non-technical audiences, while influencing key
stakeholders.
Experience working with inside Risk, Compliance, PaaS domains
Expertise building web applications using modern frontend
frameworks such as React.
Proven experience building and optimizing GraphQL APIs. Ruby
development is a plus.
Experience working with large-scale data systems such as
Presto/Trino, MongoDB and Apache Pinot.
Hybrid work at Stripe

--- Page 5 ---
This role is available either in an office or a remote location
(typically, 35+ miles or 56+ km from a Stripe office).
Office-assigned Stripes spend at least 50% of the time in a
given month in their local office or with users. This hits a
balance between bringing people together for in-person
collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting
flexibility about how to do this in a way that makes sense for
individuals and their teams.
A remote location, in most cases, is defined as being 35 miles
(56 kilometers) or more from one of our offices. While you
would be welcome to come into the office for team/business
meetings, on-sites, meet-ups, and events, our expectation is
you would regularly work from home rather than a Stripe
office. Stripe does not cover the cost of relocating to a
remote location. We encourage you to apply for roles that
match the location where you currently or plan to live.
The annual US base salary range for this role is $209,800 -
$336,000. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On
Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range
includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target
and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be
inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be
narrowed during the interview process based on a number of
factors, including the candidate’s experience, qualifications,
and location. Applicants interested in this role and who are
not located in the US may request the annual salary range for
their location during the interview process.
Additional benefits for this role may include: equity, company
bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; 401(k) plan; medical,
Pay and benefits

--- Page 6 ---
bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; 401(k) plan; medical,
dental, and vision benefits; and wellness stipends.
Please find our California applicant personal information notice here.
The application window will remain open for 100 days after the Job Post is
published. However, this opportunity will remain open based on the needs of
the business, which may cause the application window to close before or after
the 100-day mark.
At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and
integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your
experience doesn't precisely match the job description.
Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apar t—
especially if your career has taken some extraordinary
twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse
perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't
afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us.
Apply Now 
We look forward to hearing from you
Products &
pricing
Solutions Resources

--- Page 7 ---
Sign in 
United
States
(English)
Pricing
Atlas
Billing
Capital
Checkout
Climate
Connect
Data Pipeline
Elements
Financial
Connections
Identity
Invoicing
Issuing
Link
Payments
Payment Links
Payouts
Radar
Revenue
Recognition
Sigma
Ta x
Te r m i n a l
Treasur y
Startups
Enterprises
SaaS
Platforms
Ecommerce
Marketplaces
Crypto
Creator
economy
AI companies
Embedded
finance
Global
businesses
Finance
automation
Insurance
Media and
Entertainment
Nonprofits
Retail
Integrations &
custom
solutions
Stripe App
Marketplace
Partner
ecosystem
Professional
services
Developers
Documentation
API reference
API status
API changelog
Guides
Customer
stories
Blog
Annual
conference
Privacy & terms
Prohibited &
restricted
businesses
Licenses
Sitemap
Cookie settings
Your privacy
choices
Coverage
transparency
More resources
Company
Jobs
Newsroom
Stripe Press
Contact sales
Support
Get support
Managed
support plans
CA residents:
+1 888 926 2289

--- Page 8 ---
Stripe Apps
© 2025 Stripe,
Inc.
