--- Page 1 ---
Roles at Stripe Role details/
Senior Staff Engineer,
Core Infrastructure
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of
companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most
ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their
revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is
to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering
Office locations
New York, South San Francisco HQ, Seattle, or Chicago
Remote locations
Remote in United States
Te a m
Infrastructure & Corporate T ech
Job type
Full time
Apply for this role 
JOBS

--- Page 2 ---
amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented
opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while
doing the most important work of your career.
At Stripe, we create infrastructure and tools that drive global
economic and technological progress. We're committed to the long
haul, and our vision is guided by five key objectives:
We have an immense amount of work ahead! At Stripe, you have a
unique opportunity to make the global economy accessible to
everyone while doing the most impactful work of your career!
About the team
The Infrastructure team at Stripe is responsible for core capabilities
that empower all Stripe product teams to deliver exceptional
Grow Internet-Enabled Commerce: We design APIs, products,
and infrastructure that expand the internet economy,
empowering businesses everywhere.
Empower Upstarts: By simplifying operations for new companies
and leveling the playing field, we enable more startups to launch
and compete effectively against established players.
Accelerate Globalization: The internet dissolves physical
boundaries. We believe anyone, whether in Niger or New York,
should have equal opportunities to start a business and access
services seamlessly.
Encourage Better Products: Our goal isn't just more commerce;
we aim to elevate the quality of products and services. We focus
on how Stripe is utilized, striving to be a catalyst for innovation.
Advance Developer Tools and Infrastructure: The way Stripe’s
services are built and deployed is crucial. Millions of businesses,
from major enterprises to ambitious startups, rely on Stripe to
accept payments, grow their revenue, and unlock new
opportunities. We provide best-in-class infrastructure and tools
to support their success.

--- Page 3 ---
services. We define and drive the vision for our platform, aiming for
optimal durability, scale, and availability while carefully balancing
cost and recovery time. With a scale growth of 50-60% YoY , we
maintain Stripe’s six nines of availability, all while ensuring efficiency
and reducing the operational load of our teams.
At Stripe, we leverage a range of cutting-edge technologies to
deliver exceptional deployment and scalability worldwide. Our
Compute teams utilize Linux OS, Kubernetes, and advanced cloud
computing, while our Storage teams manage one of the largest non-
relational and relational storage systems, crucial to all data flows at
Stripe. Our Networking teams have effectively shielded Stripe from
numerous large-scale DDoS attacks and improved latency for both
internal systems and our partners. We are dedicated to continuously
developing new distributed infrastructure capabilities and scaling
existing technologies. By maintaining strong ties to the open-source
community, we ensure that we stay at the forefront of infrastructure
innovation. Through collaboration with teams within Stripe and
across the industry and the open-source community, we aim to
advance the state of the art in durable, reliable, scalable, efficient,
and automated infrastructure.
What you’ll do
As a Senior Staff Engineer, you will play a pivotal role in defining and
driving the evolution of Stripe’s Core Infrastructure. Your expertise
and influence will empower our teams and the business to scale
effectively while achieving an exceptional price/performance ratio.
You’ll collaborate with engineers across the company to design and
build large-scale capabilities, all while enhancing our internal
engineering standards, tooling, and processes.
Responsibilities
Lead the design, planning, construction, and maintenance of
Compute, Storage, and Networking systems utilized throughout
Stripe.

--- Page 4 ---
Who you are
We’re looking for someone with a strong background in compute
and/or storage/databases and/or networking cloud infrastructure
who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role.
If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The
preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements
Stripe.  
Facilitate technical discussions and decision-making across
Core Infrastructure, various Infrastructure teams, and Stripe's
platform and product teams.  
Mentor and cultivate the next generation of technical leaders at
Stripe.  
Influence and participate in roadmap planning and
prioritization.  
Debug production issues across services and various levels of
the stack.  
Focus on scaling and automating infrastructure services.  
Spearhead initiatives to enhance reliability and observability.  
Collaborate with the leadership team to identify current and
future infrastructure needs across Stripe, understand specific
requirements, and prioritize both short-term and long-term
solutions.
BS or MS in Computer Science or a related field.
15+ years of professional experience in a software development
or DevOps automation role.
A strong engineering background in distributed infrastructure
and/or platform services, including one or more of the following:

--- Page 5 ---
Preferred qualifications
This role is available either in an office or a remote location
(typically, 35+ miles or 56+ km from a Stripe office).
Office-assigned Stripes spend at least 50% of the time in a
and/or platform services, including one or more of the following:
storage, databases, compute, networking.
Experience leading projects on a cross-team and company-wide
scale.
Experience optimizing the reliability and security of distributed
systems.
Experience scaling and migrating systems with little to no
downtime.
Experience mentoring engineers at various stages in their
careers.
Experience developing, maintaining, and debugging distributed
systems.
Experience driving a culture of operational excellence, with a
deep understanding of metrics, alerts, and dashboards.
Experience in a development team in AWS/Azure/OCI/Google
Experience with AWS network components (VPC, security
groups, DNS Route 53, NLB, gateways, etc.)
Experience with databases (MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Cassandra,
MySQL)
Experience with Kubernetes
Experience with T erraform
Hybrid work at Stripe

--- Page 6 ---
given month in their local office or with users. This hits a
balance between bringing people together for in-person
collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting
flexibility about how to do this in a way that makes sense for
individuals and their teams.
A remote location, in most cases, is defined as being 35 miles
(56 kilometers) or more from one of our offices. While you
would be welcome to come into the office for team/business
meetings, on-sites, meet-ups, and events, our expectation is
you would regularly work from home rather than a Stripe
office. Stripe does not cover the cost of relocating to a
remote location. We encourage you to apply for roles that
match the location where you currently or plan to live.
The annual US base salary range for this role is $267,000 -
$400,400. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On
Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range
includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target
and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be
inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be
narrowed during the interview process based on a number of
factors, including the candidate’s experience, qualifications,
and location. Applicants interested in this role and who are
not located in the US may request the annual salary range for
their location during the interview process.
Additional benefits for this role may include: equity, company
bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; 401(k) plan; medical,
dental, and vision benefits; and wellness stipends.
Pay and benefits

--- Page 7 ---
Please find our California applicant personal information notice here.
The application window will remain open for 100 days after the Job Post is
published. However, this opportunity will remain open based on the needs of
the business, which may cause the application window to close before or after
the 100-day mark.
At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and
integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your
experience doesn't precisely match the job description.
Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apar t—
especially if your career has taken some extraordinary
twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse
perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't
afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us.
Apply Now 
We look forward to hearing from you
United
States
(English)
Products &
pricing
Pricing
Atlas
Billing
Solutions
Startups
Enterprises
SaaS
Platforms
Resources
Guides
Customer
stories
Blog

--- Page 8 ---
Sign in 
Capital
Checkout
Climate
Connect
Data Pipeline
Elements
Financial
Connections
Identity
Invoicing
Issuing
Link
Payments
Payment Links
Payouts
Radar
Revenue
Recognition
Sigma
Ta x
Te r m i n a l
Treasur y
Ecommerce
Marketplaces
Crypto
Creator
economy
AI companies
Embedded
finance
Global
businesses
Finance
automation
Insurance
Media and
Entertainment
Nonprofits
Retail
Integrations &
custom
solutions
Stripe App
Marketplace
Partner
ecosystem
Professional
services
Developers
Documentation
API reference
API status
API changelog
Stripe Apps
Annual
conference
Privacy & terms
Prohibited &
restricted
businesses
Licenses
Sitemap
Cookie settings
Your privacy
choices
Coverage
transparency
More resources
Company
Jobs
Newsroom
Stripe Press
Contact sales
Support
Get support
Managed
support plans
CA residents:
+1 888 926 2289
© 2025 Stripe,
Inc.
