--- Page 1 ---
5/9/26, 10:14 PMReadwise
Page 1 of 5https://readwise.io/careers/senior-staff-engineer
Senior/Staff Engineer (Backend Focus)
EngineeringRemoteFull time
What you'll do
Build features/infra for Readwise, Readwise Reader, and our new (secret)
product. Designing the APIs, data models, and backend systems that power
our web, desktop, iOS, and Android apps.
Tackle hard backend problems: building reliable ingestion and sync
pipelines that move huge amounts of data, scaling our Postgres database
(20TB and growing), integrating with dozens of external reading services,
and keeping the whole system fast as we grow.
Take on staK-scope work when you want it: leading architecture rewrites,
owning cross-cutting platform decisions, or shaping our internal
LLM/agent infra. There's no shortage of meaty problems for engineers
looking for them.
Our developers operate with extreme autonomy: you'll own new features,
abstractions, infrastructure all the way from planning to building to
shipping.
Who you are
Reader & Self-Learner — Everyone on our team is genuinely passionate
Reader
Readwise Sign In
·
·

--- Page 2 ---
5/9/26, 10:14 PMReadwise
Page 2 of 5https://readwise.io/careers/senior-staff-engineer
about what we're working on and we hope you are too ;)
Senior Engineer (or above) — You have at least a few years of shipping
backend/infra code into production
Experience with Python, Django, Postgres, Redis, Celery, and large-
scale data systems a huge plus.
Available US or EU Hours — We're distributed across America and Europe,
so your working hours need to overlap meaningfully with your teammates.
Agentic Engineering — Our engineering team has leaned heavily into
using agents to ship higher quality code at a faster cadence.
Not vibe-coding or slop, but rather applying LLMs (with oK the shelf
harnesses like Claude Code, but also increasingly our own infra) to
work at higher levels of abstraction.
Our view on AI in development is closely aligned with how Simon
Willison describes it here.
You'll thrive on our engineering team if you're excited about this new
frontier and eager to learn how best to leverage these new powerful
tools.
Self-Starter — You're comfortable building new things in a self-directed
way, iterating quickly, and taking ownership (despite being on a remote
team)
Product Builder — You're obsessed with the concept of user experience
and building high quality product
Hacker — You seek creative solutions to create the most amount of user
value with the least amount of programming eKort or complexity
Nice to have

--- Page 3 ---
5/9/26, 10:14 PMReadwise
Page 3 of 5https://readwise.io/careers/senior-staff-engineer
Experience working on large-scale, complex apps.
Our frontend is TypeScript/React on web and React Native on mobile — if
you're comfortable jumping into the frontend when something needs
shipping end-to-end, that's a huge plus!
Although most of your focus will be backend, being able to think about the
entire system holistically and improve our architecture is always valuable!
How to apply
If you're interested, send an email with your
resume/LinkedIn/Github/personal site/whatever to careers@readwise.io :)
Although certainly not required, we love seeing code or live demos!
Why Readwise?
Mission
What we're about: We're on a mission to 10x the practice of reading using
so]ware to help our users unlock humanity's collective wisdom.
Our opportunity: So]ware has revolutionized writing (you would never
write a book by hand or on a typewriter) while most reading is still analog.
Our position: We've started solving the problem of retention
(remembering more of what you read) and now we're moving into the
actual reading experience itself.

--- Page 4 ---
5/9/26, 10:14 PMReadwise
Page 4 of 5https://readwise.io/careers/senior-staff-engineer
Delightful Product
Our product is loved by tens of thousands users around the world
(including John Carmack)
See for yourself :)
Readwise is a product which aims to help people learn and better
themselves — we're not here to optimize ads or screen time.
We are here to innovate entirely new ways of reading, writing,
remembering, and improving.
Company
We're a fast-growing startup with so many problems to solve and so little
time.
We're self-funded (aka bootstrapped), sustainable, and pro_table.
Our existing niche product positions us to go a]er a massive adjacent
market.
Although we ship fast, we pride ourselves on building things "right":
debugging and adding new features should be a delightful experience for
engineers. Engineering has a real voice when it comes to tradeoKs and
implementation, ensuring we can ship well over the long term.
Autonomy
We are still a small team of 20 (including 9 engineers) requiring ownership
and self-direction.

--- Page 5 ---
5/9/26, 10:14 PMReadwise
Page 5 of 5https://readwise.io/careers/senior-staff-engineer
Everyone ships to production, o]en multiple times a day :)
We are distributed to the core: max 2 meetings a week with no bureaucracy
or time-wasting.
You will own the features and projects you take on — from shaping to
shipping.
Did we mention we ship, ship, and ship?
Benefits
Competitive salary & meaningful equity.
(Based on your experience, level i.e senior vs staK, and location.)
Healthcare
Remote _rst: you have the freedom to work from anywhere you want with
a remote-_rst, mostly async organization.
Biannual company oKsite, here's what they're like
Ad hoc get-togethers for smaller teams
Generous time oK
The autonomy and fun of working at a no-nonsense, nimble startup
