--- Page 1 ---
US - Specialist: Full-
Time, Part-Time, and
Part-Time Temporary
United States
Apple Retail
Where we're hiring
Submit Resume
Back to search results
Summary
Posted:Aug 24, 2025
Role Number:114438158
Apple Retail is where the best of Apple comes 
together. We bring our expertise to help people do 
what they love, delivering an only-at-Apple 
experience. We believe inclusion is a shared 
responsibility and we work together to foster a 
culture where everyone belongs and is inspired to 
do their best work.
As a Specialist, you build brand loyalty and create 
owners of Apple products and services. Youʼre 
dedicated to selling and delivering a customer 
service experience that is unlike any other. A 
Specialist is curious — you ask questions to learn 
about our customersʼ needs, customizing 
recommendations to enrich their lives.
Description
Deliver excellent service to Apple customers by 
seeking to understand their needs, identifying 
ownership opportunities, presenting products and 
services, and educating customers on relevant 
ways to buy products. 
Understand and proactively stay up to date on 
Appleʼs products, services, purchase options, and 
Product Zone sales processes.
Support your peers throughout the store as needed 
by sharing knowledge about Appleʼs products, 
services, and purchase options, and assist in 
offering ownership opportunities.
Maintain accuracy and follow guidance.
Perform other tasks as needed, including but not 
limited to providing customer service and support 
in other areas of the store.
Contribute to an inclusive environment by 
respecting each otherʼs differences and having the 
curiosity to learn. 
Demonstrate Appleʼs values of inclusion and 
diversity in daily activities.
Minimum Qualifications
You should have availability to work a schedule 
based on business needs that may include 
nights, weekends, and public holidays in the 
retail store, and reliably attend work as 
scheduled, in line with local laws and subject to 
any approved accommodations.
Preferred Qualifications
You can:
Demonstrate knowledge of Apple products and 
services.
Personalize solutions based on customer needs, 
and effectively communicate them.
Work in a fast-paced environment, often 
supporting multiple customers at the same time.
Work in a team environment, demonstrating 
shared responsibility and accountability with 
other team members.
Be curious and open to learning from others and 
helping each other grow.
Learn about and deepen your understanding of 
Apple products and services, and third-party 
products, to enhance the customer experience.
Be trusted with sensitive or confidential 
information, keeping with Appleʼs core values.
Pay & Benefits
At Apple, base pay is one part of our total 
compensation package and is determined within a 
range. This provides the opportunity to progress as 
you grow and develop within a role. Your base pay 
will depend on your skills, qualifications, 
experience, and location.
Apple employees also have the opportunity to 
become an Apple shareholder through participation 
in Appleʼs discretionary employee stock programs. 
Apple employees are eligible for discretionary 
restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase 
Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating 
in Appleʼs Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Youʼll 
also receive benefits including: Comprehensive 
medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a 
range of discounted products and free services, 
and for formal education related to advancing your 
career at Apple, reimbursement for certain 
educational expenses — including tuition. 
Additionally, this role might be eligible for 
discretionary bonuses or commission payments as 
well as relocation. Learn more about Apple 
Benefits.
For information about pay, if you are interested in 
roles located in one of our California, Colorado, 
Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, 
Minnesota, New York, New Jersey, Ohio, Vermont, 
Washington, or Washington DC locations  click here 
to select a store and view pay information.
Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee 
stock programs are subject to eligibility 
requirements and other terms of the applicable 
plan or program.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is 
committed to inclusion and diversity. We seek to 
promote equal opportunity for all applicants without 
regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual 
orientation, gender identity, national origin, 
disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected 
characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights 
as an applicant.
Where we're hiring
Submit Resume
Back to search results
See all roles in United States







Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and
diversity. We seek to promote equal opportunity for all applicants without
regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected
characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant.
Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire
about, disclose, or discuss their compensation.
Apple participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations as required
by law. Learn more about the E-Verify program.
Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable
accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Learn
more.
Apple is a drug-free workplace. Learn more.
Apple will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal
histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. If youʼre applying for
a position in San Francisco, review the guidelines applicable in your area.
It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test
as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer
who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil
liability.
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you.
Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.
Careers at Apple Careers at Apple
Shop and Learn
Apple Wallet
Account
Entertainment
Apple Store
For Business
For Education
For Healthcare
For Government
Apple Values
About Apple
Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseSales and RefundsLegalSite Map
United States
Careers at Apple
Search Roles
8/24/25, 9:38 AM
Page 1 of 1
